README.md, before:

# Sonata User Bundle

Symfony SonataUserBundle

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/sonata-project/user-bundle/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/sonata-project/user-bundle)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/sonata-project/user-bundle/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/sonata-project/user-bundle)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/sonata-project/user-bundle/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/sonata-project/user-bundle)

[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/sonata-project/user-bundle/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/sonata-project/user-bundle)
[![Monthly Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/sonata-project/user-bundle/d/monthly)](https://packagist.org/packages/sonata-project/user-bundle)
[![Daily Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/sonata-project/user-bundle/d/daily)](https://packagist.org/packages/sonata-project/user-bundle)

Branch | Travis | Coveralls | Scrutinizer |
------ | ------ | --------- | ----------- |
4.x   | [![Build Status][travis_stable_badge]][travis_stable_link]     | [![Coverage Status][coveralls_stable_badge]][coveralls_stable_link]     | [![Scrutinizer Status][scrutinizer_stable_badge]][scrutinizer_stable_link] |
master | [![Build Status][travis_unstable_badge]][travis_unstable_link] | [![Coverage Status][coveralls_unstable_badge]][coveralls_unstable_link] | [![Scrutinizer Status][scrutinizer_unstable_badge]][scrutinizer_unstable_link] |

## Documentation

Check out the documentation on the [official website](https://sonata-project.org/bundles/user).

## Support

For general support and questions, please use [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/sonata).

If you think you found a bug or you have a feature idea to propose, feel free to open an issue
**after looking** at the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This package is available under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

[travis_stable_badge]: https://travis-ci.org/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle.svg?branch=4.x
[travis_stable_link]: https://travis-ci.org/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle
[travis_unstable_badge]: https://travis-ci.org/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle.svg?branch=master
[travis_unstable_link]: https://travis-ci.org/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle

[coveralls_stable_badge]: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle/badge.svg?branch=4.x
[coveralls_stable_link]: https://coveralls.io/github/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle?branch=4.x
[coveralls_unstable_badge]: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle/badge.svg?branch=master
[coveralls_unstable_link]: https://coveralls.io/github/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle?branch=master

[scrutinizer_stable_badge]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle/badges/quality-score.png?b=4.x
[scrutinizer_stable_link]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle/?branch=4.x
[scrutinizer_unstable_badge]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle/badges/quality-score.png?b=master
[scrutinizer_unstable_link]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle/?branch=master

Commit message:

Removal of some (not all) User profile+social related fields

README.md, after:

# Sonata User Bundle

Symfony SonataUserBundle

Fork of original project with the aim to reduce useless user entity fields

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/sonata-project/user-bundle/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/sonata-project/user-bundle)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/sonata-project/user-bundle/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/sonata-project/user-bundle)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/sonata-project/user-bundle/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/sonata-project/user-bundle)

[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/sonata-project/user-bundle/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/sonata-project/user-bundle)
[![Monthly Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/sonata-project/user-bundle/d/monthly)](https://packagist.org/packages/sonata-project/user-bundle)
[![Daily Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/sonata-project/user-bundle/d/daily)](https://packagist.org/packages/sonata-project/user-bundle)

Branch | Travis | Coveralls | Scrutinizer |
------ | ------ | --------- | ----------- |
4.x   | [![Build Status][travis_stable_badge]][travis_stable_link]     | [![Coverage Status][coveralls_stable_badge]][coveralls_stable_link]     | [![Scrutinizer Status][scrutinizer_stable_badge]][scrutinizer_stable_link] |
master | [![Build Status][travis_unstable_badge]][travis_unstable_link] | [![Coverage Status][coveralls_unstable_badge]][coveralls_unstable_link] | [![Scrutinizer Status][scrutinizer_unstable_badge]][scrutinizer_unstable_link] |

## Documentation

Check out the documentation on the [official website](https://sonata-project.org/bundles/user).

## Support

For general support and questions, please use [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/sonata).

If you think you found a bug or you have a feature idea to propose, feel free to open an issue
**after looking** at the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This package is available under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

[travis_stable_badge]: https://travis-ci.org/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle.svg?branch=4.x
[travis_stable_link]: https://travis-ci.org/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle
[travis_unstable_badge]: https://travis-ci.org/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle.svg?branch=master
[travis_unstable_link]: https://travis-ci.org/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle

[coveralls_stable_badge]: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle/badge.svg?branch=4.x
[coveralls_stable_link]: https://coveralls.io/github/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle?branch=4.x
[coveralls_unstable_badge]: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle/badge.svg?branch=master
[coveralls_unstable_link]: https://coveralls.io/github/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle?branch=master

[scrutinizer_stable_badge]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle/badges/quality-score.png?b=4.x
[scrutinizer_stable_link]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle/?branch=4.x
[scrutinizer_unstable_badge]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle/badges/quality-score.png?b=master
[scrutinizer_unstable_link]: https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/sonata-project/SonataUserBundle/?branch=master
